content/curriculum vitae.md, before:

---
permalink: /curriculum vitae/
title: "Curriculum Vitae"
excerpt: "Curriculum Vitae"
author_profile: true
---
&NewLine;

**Education**
- **The University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC** \
B.A. in Computer Science \
August 2019 - August 2023 \
**Honors/Societies**: Chancellor’s Science Scholar, National Society of Black Engineers, Association of Computing Machinery, UNC’s Honors College \
**Coursework**: Data Structures, Computer Organization, Files and Databases, Algorithms and Analysis, Models of Languages and Computation, Introduction to Machine Learning


**Research Experience** 
- **Huettel Lab Duke: Undergraduate Researcher | Spring Semester 2022** 
  - Designed and executed experiments to determine if the data collected from placing a PADS laser on Broca's area was accurate 
  - Redesigned the graphical user interface for results to better visualize and facilitate easier interpretation of the data 
  - Evaluated data integrity and usefulness, by comparing fNIRS Kernel Flow data readings and PADS laser readings to ensure accuracy

- **Duke Summer Training in Academic Research | Summer 2021** 
  - Co-authored a research manuscript on the COVID-19 impact on routine immunizations in North Carolina children under 24 months, with the outcomes incorporated into a published paper for broader dissemination 
  - Conducted statistical analysis in R on healthcare utilization data from NC Medicaid and regional insurance plans, offering key insights for informed healthcare planning 
  - Presented research findings on final program day and responded to inquiries from audience to advance overall understanding 

- **Manis Lab UNC: Undergraduate Researcher | July 2020 - February 2022** 
  - Applied immunohistochemistry techniques on fixed slices and cochleae to label individual cells and fibers in the brain and cochlea 
  - Leveraged Python programming for data acquisition and analysis of electrophysiological and imaging data, demonstrating proficiency in coding for scientific instrumentation 
  - Utilized specialized Python neuroscience modeling libraries to create models of potassium ion channel alterations in the brain. Incorporated data from brain slices and relevant research papers for accurate and insightful modeling


**Industry Experience**
- **HashiCorp: Software Engineering Intern | Summer 2022** 
  - Programmed a Golang-based automation feature, enhancing seamless service-to-service communication, authorization, and encryption exchange between Consul and Terraform.
  - Co-led the development of a Consul automation tooling project, resulting in improved functionality and efficiency.
  - Conducted thorough research, proposed innovative solutions, and produced comprehensive documentation, contributing to the successful deployment of the co-owned project.
 
- **SuperWorld: Blockchain Development Intern | February 2021 - February 2022** 
  - Engineered automation features for blockchain smart contracts using the Solidity programming language, enhancing efficiency and functionality.
  - Designed and implemented blockchain analytic models in Tableau to analyze financial transaction data, enabling predictive analysis for informed decision-making.


**Volunteering**
- **Prison Mathematics Project | 2023 - Ongoing** 
  - Providing educational support and fostering academic growth within mentor/mentee relationships
  - Developing customized study plans and timelines for mentee to continue studying and learn new concepts
  - Establishing a supportive and encouraging environment to foster asking questions and academic success
 
- **Food Bank of North Carolina | 2023 - 2024** 
  - Sorted, organized, and packed donated food items, ensuring timely and accurate delivery to recipients
  - Conducted quality checks on donated food items, verified items complied with food bank standards of safety and freshness

- **Charles E. Jordan High School Virtual Tutoring Program | 2020 - 2021** 
  - Lead personalized virtual tutoring sessions, enhancing understanding and ability to solve various math problems
  - Created outlines and guides to provide to students with educational aids
  - Adapted different teaching strategies to accommodate diverse learning styles and student needs 
 
  - **Museum of Life and Science, Durham, NC | 2020 - 2023** 
  - Participated in various events hosted such as the Black Excellence in Science and Black History Month events
  - Educated visitors on science topics at interactive booths and answered questions
  - Demonstrated live experiments to display science concepts, increasing engagement and understanding


**Projects**
- **98Degrees, Maternity Education Website | February 2022 - February 2024** 
  - Crafted a dynamic landing page using the Angular framework, employing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for a visually engaging user interface
  - Collaborated with a team of three to create an application leveraging databases to offer resources for expectant parents. The app provides information on care options, potential complications, and related organizations
  - Conducted a comprehensive literature review examining the current landscape of natal care in the U.S., with a specific focus on marginalized women

- **Moolah, Personal Finance Application | January 2023 - Ongoing4** 
  - Integrated third-party financial APIs for features such as transaction aggregation, budget tracking, and investment portfolio management
  - Optimized backend processes for handling sensitive financial data, implementing encryption and security best practices to protect user privacy
  - Conducted code reviews, performed unit testing, and participated in sprint planning and retrospective meetings to ensure code quality

**Membership in Organizations and Institutional Affiliations**
- UNC Impact Investing Fund: IT Analyst, 2022-2023
- UNC Blockchain at Carolina: President, 2021-2023
- UNC Future Leaders of User Experience: Executive Board Member, 2020-2023
- UNC Association of Computing Machinery: Executive Board Member, 2021-2022
- UNC Black in Technology: Executive Board Member, 2020-2022
- UNC Commission on Campus Equality & Student Equity:  2020 - 2021
  - Treasurer, 2020 - 2021 
  - Interim President, Summer 2021


**Technical Skills** \
**Programming Language**: Python, Golang, Java, SQL, Swift/SwiftUI, Solidity
**Frameworks/Databases**: MySQL, MongDB, Apache Spark,  Matlab, MatplotLib, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas,PyTorch, TensorFlow
**Software**: Git, SQL, Xcode, Mathematica, Matlab, Excel


**Technical Skills** \
*English*: Fluent \
*Spanish*: Proficient

Commit message:

Update curriculum vitae.md
updated block research experience

content/curriculum vitae.md, after:

---
permalink: /curriculum vitae/
title: "Curriculum Vitae"
excerpt: "Curriculum Vitae"
author_profile: true
---
&NewLine;

**Education**
- **The University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC** \
B.A. in Computer Science \
August 2019 - August 2023 \
**Honors/Societies**: Chancellor’s Science Scholar, National Society of Black Engineers, Association of Computing Machinery, UNC’s Honors College \
**Coursework**: Data Structures, Computer Organization, Files and Databases, Algorithms and Analysis, Models of Languages and Computation, Introduction to Machine Learning


**Research Experience** 
- **Huettel Lab Duke: Undergraduate Researcher | Spring Semester 2022** 
  - Designed and executed experiments to determine if the data collected from placing a PADS laser on Broca's area was accurate 
  - Redesigned the graphical user interface for results to better visualize and facilitate easier interpretation of the data 
  - Evaluated data integrity and usefulness, by comparing fNIRS Kernel Flow data readings and PADS laser readings to ensure accuracy

- **Duke Summer Training in Academic Research | Summer 2021** 
  - Co-authored a research manuscript on the COVID-19 impact on routine immunizations in North Carolina children under 24 months, with the outcomes incorporated into a published paper for broader dissemination 
  - Conducted statistical analysis in R on healthcare utilization data from NC Medicaid and regional insurance plans, offering key insights for informed healthcare planning 
  - Presented research findings on final program day and responded to inquiries from audience to advance overall understanding 

- **SuperWorld: Blockchain Researcher Intern | February 2021 - February 2022** 
  -  Designed and implemented blockchain analytic models using on-chain data to analyze financial transaction data, enabling predictive analysis for informed decision-making.
  -  Conducted research on blockchain protocol/applications and presented finding to team in a concise manner
  -  Read the latest research and provided relevant findings for data infrastructure development for engineering
and product development teams

- **Manis Lab UNC: Undergraduate Researcher | July 2020 - February 2022** 
  - Applied immunohistochemistry techniques on fixed slices and cochleae to label individual cells and fibers in the brain and cochlea 
  - Leveraged Python programming for data acquisition and analysis of electrophysiological and imaging data, demonstrating proficiency in coding for scientific instrumentation 
  - Utilized specialized Python neuroscience modeling libraries to create models of potassium ion channel alterations in the brain. Incorporated data from brain slices and relevant research papers for accurate and insightful modeling


**Industry Experience**
- **HashiCorp: Software Engineering Intern | Summer 2022** 
  - Programmed a Golang-based automation feature, enhancing seamless service-to-service communication, authorization, and encryption exchange between Consul and Terraform.
  - Co-led the development of a Consul automation tooling project, resulting in improved functionality and efficiency.
  - Conducted thorough research, proposed innovative solutions, and produced comprehensive documentation, contributing to the successful deployment of the co-owned project.

**Volunteering**
- **Prison Mathematics Project | 2023 - Ongoing** 
  - Providing educational support and fostering academic growth within mentor/mentee relationships
  - Developing customized study plans and timelines for mentee to continue studying and learn new concepts
  - Establishing a supportive and encouraging environment to foster asking questions and academic success
 
- **Food Bank of North Carolina | 2023 - 2024** 
  - Sorted, organized, and packed donated food items, ensuring timely and accurate delivery to recipients
  - Conducted quality checks on donated food items, verified items complied with food bank standards of safety and freshness

- **Charles E. Jordan High School Virtual Tutoring Program | 2020 - 2021** 
  - Lead personalized virtual tutoring sessions, enhancing understanding and ability to solve various math problems
  - Created outlines and guides to provide to students with educational aids
  - Adapted different teaching strategies to accommodate diverse learning styles and student needs 
 
  - **Museum of Life and Science, Durham, NC | 2020 - 2023** 
  - Participated in various events hosted such as the Black Excellence in Science and Black History Month events
  - Educated visitors on science topics at interactive booths and answered questions
  - Demonstrated live experiments to display science concepts, increasing engagement and understanding


**Projects**
- **98Degrees, Maternity Education Website | February 2022 - February 2024** 
  - Crafted a dynamic landing page using the Angular framework, employing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for a visually engaging user interface
  - Collaborated with a team of three to create an application leveraging databases to offer resources for expectant parents. The app provides information on care options, potential complications, and related organizations
  - Conducted a comprehensive literature review examining the current landscape of natal care in the U.S., with a specific focus on marginalized women

- **Moolah, Personal Finance Application | January 2023 - Ongoing4** 
  - Integrated third-party financial APIs for features such as transaction aggregation, budget tracking, and investment portfolio management
  - Optimized backend processes for handling sensitive financial data, implementing encryption and security best practices to protect user privacy
  - Conducted code reviews, performed unit testing, and participated in sprint planning and retrospective meetings to ensure code quality

**Membership in Organizations and Institutional Affiliations**
- UNC Impact Investing Fund: IT Analyst, 2022-2023
- UNC Blockchain at Carolina: President, 2021-2023
- UNC Future Leaders of User Experience: Executive Board Member, 2020-2023
- UNC Association of Computing Machinery: Executive Board Member, 2021-2022
- UNC Black in Technology: Executive Board Member, 2020-2022
- UNC Commission on Campus Equality & Student Equity:  2020 - 2021
  - Treasurer, 2020 - 2021 
  - Interim President, Summer 2021


**Technical Skills** \
**Programming Language**: Python, Golang, Java, SQL, Swift/SwiftUI, Solidity
**Frameworks/Databases**: MySQL, MongDB, Apache Spark,  Matlab, MatplotLib, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas,PyTorch, TensorFlow
**Software**: Git, SQL, Xcode, Mathematica, Matlab, Excel


**Technical Skills** \
*English*: Fluent \
*Spanish*: Proficient
